fix: implement changes keeping metatags (#1078)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/architectures/edge-firewall/waap-architecture.mdx

---
title: Enhance Cybersecurity with Azion's Advanced WAAP Solution

> description: Explore Azion's WAAP for advanced protection from cyber threats including
>   OWASP Top 10 & zero-day attacks using features like WAF & DDoS Protection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore Azion's WAAP for advanced protection from cyber threats including
  OWASP Top 10 and zero-day attacks using products like WAF and DDoS Protection.
```
